
IPC

Commands are serialised into tuples, as follows:
    
    (command, argdict)


Command is a period-delimited specifier:

    command
    group.COMMAND                            - command on the named group
    group.NAME.COMMAND                       - command on the named group
    screen.COMMAND                           - command on current screen
    screen.NUM.COMMAND                       - command on screen NUM
    statusbar.COMMAND                        - command on current statusbar
    statusbar.NUM.COMMAND                    - command on current statusbar on screen NUM
    layout.COMMAND                           - command on current layout
    layout.NUM.COMMAND                       - command on layout on screen NUM
    focus.COMMAND                            - command on focused window

    Key(["control"], "k", "focusnext")
    Key(["control"], "k", "layout.current.fooo")
    Key(["control"], "k", "screen.current.statusbar.moo", 1, 3=foo)


Groups
    
    Groups track the following information:
        - An ordered list of clients.
        - A pointer to the client that currently has focus.

Layouts 

    Operate on groups.

        max
        
            The window that has focus occupies the full screen. All other
            windows are hidden.

        float
        
            All windows are floating.

        twopane

            Windows are laid out in two panes, with one window being a
            nominated master. The master is always displayed, other windows are
            in a "stack" in the other pane.
            
            Operations:
                
                other: Focus the other pane.
                stackup: Next window in the stack.
                stackdown: Previous window in the stack.
                swap: Swap location of master and stack.
                promote: Promote the currently focused window to master.

        tile

            Windows are tiled into X colums, each with Y rows. 

            Operations:

                xset: Set number of columns.
                yset: Set number of rows.
                xinc: Increment columns.
                xdec: Decrement columns.
                yinc: Increment rows.
                ydec: Decrement rows.










